
towerCostChanges()
    - This JTest checks to make sure that the cost of our towers (cows) change based on the difficulty the player has chosen. This
     is a specific requirement in the implementation section for M3.

insufficientFunds()
    - This JTest checks to make sure that a player cannot buy a tower if they do not have enough funds. Aa text notification
    should show up briefly telling the player they do not have enough money. This is a specific requirement in the
    implementation section for M3.

buyTower()
    - This JTest should check if a player is able to properly buy a tower from the shop. The cost of the tower
    should subtract from the player's total money pool. The shop should have an empty slot. This JTest is important as it
    ensures all vital systems work after buying a tower.

placeTower()
    - The JTest checks to see if the player is able to properly place a tower on the map on the game screen. Text
    should popup telling the player that they cannot place a tower on the path. When a tower is correctly, placed
    the bench should have an empty slot. This is important as the implementation want the towers to be correctly
    placed.

bench()
    - When a cow is bought, a cow should be on the bench. When a cow is placed, the bench should have
    an empty slot on the bench. This is essential in the placing towers and buying towers pipeline,
    which is required in this implementation.

shopItemExists()
    - When the shop is pulled up, cows should be displayed on the shop pop-up screen. When a cow is bought,
    it should disappear. This is essential in the placing towers and buying towers pipeline,
    which is required in this implementation.

startResources()
    - Checks to see if the name and difficulty set in the configuration screen. The player
    should have the name set in the configuration screen. In addition, the difficulty should
    change how money the player starts off with as well as how much health their monument
    has. This is an important JTest as the stats set from the difficulty screen change how other
    interactions, especially with buying towers, works.

reroll()
    - The JTest checks to see if new cows are displayed in the shop screen. In addition, this should
    also take away money from the player. This is important as it is a vital game mechanic in this game.
    Furthermore, it can effect the player's economy since re-rolling the shop cost money.